DOCS-3166 Identify Synthetic Bots Guide Edits (#13269)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/identify_synthetics_bots.md

## Overview

Some parts of your systems may not be available to robots without the appropriate identification. You may also want to avoid collecting analytics from Datadog robots. 

> You can use the following methods to detect Datadog's Synthetic Monitoring robots.

Reviewer: Relating to the comment below, do we want to highlight here that customers can use a combination of the methods for complete detection across Synthetic test configurations?

Author: ```suggestion
Try a combination of the following methods across your Synthetic test configurations to detect Datadog's Synthetic Monitoring robots.
```

> Try a combination of the following methods across your Synthetic test configurations to detect Datadog's Synthetic Monitoring robots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to try a combination of the following methods to detect Datadog's Synthetic Monitoring robots.
```

Author: We use "you may..." in the paragraph right before so using "you might" in this sentence may be a little repetitive IMO.

Author: I would be fine keeping this sentence as is!

## IP addresses

Use the **Synthetic Monitoring IP ranges** corresponding to each Datadog managed location:

```
https://ip-ranges.{{< region-param key="dd_site" >}}/synthetics.json
```

The listed IPs use the Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) notation and may require conversion to IPv4 address ranges before use. Except in the case of new managed locations IPs, the listed IPs rarely change. 

> That being said, if you want to be alerted when the listed IPs change, create an API test on the endpoint above with a JSONPath assertion such as `$.synthetics['prefixes_ipv4_by_location']['aws:ap-northeast-1'].length`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to be alerted when the listed IPs change, create an API test on the endpoint above with a JSONPath assertion such as `$.synthetics['prefixes_ipv4_by_location']['aws:ap-northeast-1'].length`.
```

}
```

If you use the browser variable to identify Synthetic bots on Firefox and Internet Explorer 11, Datadog cannot guarantee that the browser variable is set before your code executes. To avoid this issue, use Edge or Google Chrome.

## Cookies

Cookies that are applied in your browser include `datadog-synthetics-public-id` and `datadog-synthetics-result-id`.

> These cookies are available for all steps in Firefox and Internet Explorer 11. For Edge and Google Chrome, these cookies are set only for the start URL.

Author: ```suggestion
These cookies are available for all steps in Firefox and Internet Explorer 11. For Edge and Google Chrome, these cookies are set only for the start URL.

```

}
```

> If you use the browser variable to identify Synthetic bots on Firefox and Internet Explorer 11, Datadog cannot guarantee that the browser variable is set before your code executes. To avoid this issue, use Edge or Google Chrome.

Reviewer: I think we should remove the recommendation to use Edge/Chrome, and instead let customers know they can use a combination of the above methods (maybe at the bottom of the page? Let me know what you think).

Author: ```suggestion
If you use the browser variable to identify Synthetic bots on Firefox and Internet Explorer 11, Datadog cannot guarantee that the browser variable is set before your code executes. 
```
